UDP or User Datagram Protocol is connection-less protocol whi
ch is suitable for applications that require efficient communication that doesn't h
ave to worry about packet loss. For gaming applications this tends to be the perfect pr
otocol due to the lower overhead incurred as opposed to TCP. Typically games send and receive thousands of packets a second that contain information such as opposing players health, location, direction and so on. Now if one of these packets was to be dropped during transmission then it isn't too critical to the game and the worst case scenario is that a player jerks about for a split second during gameplay.UDP or User Datagram Protocol is connection-less protocol which is suitable for applications that require efficient communication that doesn't have to worry about packet loss. For gaming applications this tends to be the perfect protocol due to the lower overhead incurred as opposed to TCP. Typically games send and receive thousands of packets a second that contain information such as opposing players health, location, direction and so on. Now if one of these packets was to be dropped during transmission then it isn't too critical to the game and the worst case scenario is that a player jerks about for a split second during gameplay.UDP or User Datagram Protocol is connection-less protocol which is suitable for applications that require efficient communication that doesn't have to worry about packet loss. For gaming applications this tends to be the perfect protocol due to the lower overhead incurred as opposed to TCP. Typically games send and receive thousands of packets a second that contain information such as opposing players health, location, direction and so on. Now if one of these packets was to be dropped during transmission then it isn't too critical to the game and the worst case scenario is that a player jerks about for a split second during gameplay.UDP or User Datagram Protocol is connection-less protocol which is suitable for applications that require efficient communication that doesn't have to worry about packet loss. For gaming applications this tends to be the perfect protocol due to the lower overhead incurred as opposed to TCP. Typically games send and receive thousands of packets a second that contain information such as opposing players health, location, direction and so on. Now if one of these packets was to be dropped during transmission then it isn't too critical to the game and the worst case sc
enario is that a player jerks about for a split second during gameplay.